---
title: Schelling's Meta Game
status: published
---

# Schelling’s Meta Game

This is a conversation game of design and [schelling
points](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Focal_point_(game_theory)).

It is an extension of [The
Pool](https://www.drivethrurpg.com/en/product/210088/the-pool) and is
intended to be a structured way to design a tabletop roleplaying game
with friends as you play the roleplaying game.

## How to Play

Play a game of The Pool with the following additional move

## The Move

At the end of a session if you want to **change the game**, state your
design goal.

## Write

Before the next session anyone may write a modification (adding,
removing, and/or modifying rules, roles, and/or principles of play
etc.) or a defense of the existing rules, roles and principles etc.

## Present

At the beginning of the next session, in a random order, design goals
from the previous session are stated and—again—in a random order, each
player may present their solution or defense. Questions and discussion
should be for clarity and nothing else.

## Vote

After everyone has presented each player assembles a voting pool of
points equal to the number of presentations.  In a random order, put
proposed changes up for a vote. Don’t discuss the presentations or how
anyone intends to vote. For each proposed change, secretly write "yay"
or "nay" and how many points you’ll commit to the vote.

Once everyone is done writing, reveal your votes.

* If a majority of points are committed to yay, the yays win and the
  change is enacted.
* If a majority or equal number of points are committed to nay, the
  nays win and the change is not enacted.

Points gained by voting with the winning side cannot be committed to
future votes. Just keep track, including fractional points, for the next
step.

## Convert

After all of the votes are finished, convert full points gained by
voting with the winning side to dice in your pool, one to one. Keep
track of fractional points you gained and add them to any points
gained in future votes.

## Play

Once all votes are complete, play the session with any changes that
were enacted.

