Big burning questions

Who does gunlugger (Drone? Bubba?) trust?
Who should gunlugger trust?
What if they get it wrong?

Metaphor for the story. Guns are just clubs without ammo

some things are nothing without their pair

gunlugger (this gunlugger) and the right person to trust (the savvyhead)

Jackson: Basin City hardholder. Dictator.

Always: Hocus. Hippie commune

---

# Burned Over Short Story

Stuffed in a barrel. Enemy territory, turns out. Fuck. Was innevitable
eventually I guess. You either quit working the jobs I work or you end
up stripped naked, stuffed in a barrel, neck and head sticking out
like a tick. Splinters in your shins. You watch a bunch of giddy
children try and figure out how to light the thing on fire without
wasting any fuel, like Grandma told 'em. Happy determination showed in
their tightened lips and focused eyes, they walked haphazardly here
and there as ideas came to them, superseeding previous ideas. Focused
purpose. Quick directed steps to grab some tool or supplies that might
help this fire they were instructed to start. Experimental and
ingenuitive.

There are
no old gunluggers

I didn't quit so here I am.

Grandma wasn't fucking around. Never did. Never will. That's why I've
always trusted Grandma.

The job was easy, standard, nothing to it, did jobs like it a hundred
times. Did them with my eyes closed. The price was fair, I was free,
so I took it. How could I have known?

---

Something was fucked. I was talking through it with Semper Agustus. I
hired them to work on the antiques.

"Jackson is one of these people who really needs to know what genitals
someone has before he's comfortable talking about them. The old fuck,
maybe he;s from before the fall, there are rumors. How is that that's
how they talked about each other at 'the height of humanity?' If you
gotta know whether I've got gonads to talk about me, I can't work with
you."

Augustus was working on Barb. The action was sticking.

"Yeah Dirt, I know Jackson. You know I know Jackson."

"I never understood how Grandma holds that compound. They've had it as
long as I can remember. Don't they raid Basin City enough for Jackson
to take them out, like he did Shit head Bullet? But here Grandma still
is. I'll admit, Grandma knows how to set the fear into a soul. Is that
warning they gave Always still holding?"

"You call murdering two advocates a warning?"

"Don't distract me Agustus. I'm distractible. This is important. Poppy
goes missing and these Basin City pipes start throwing insults at me
out of nowhere? Suspicious. They either did something or know someone
who did something. Poppy has never run away, and suddenly goes
missing?"
